Autodesk Fusion 360 - CAD for hardware startups (#2)
dakshshah96/awesome-startup-credits: README.md

- [Postmark](https://postmarkapp.com/for/bootstrapped-startups#pricing) - If you’ve launched your product, are charging for it, and haven’t taken outside investment, contact the Postmark support team and they'll give you $75 account credit to help with your email costs.
- [SendGrid Accelerate](https://sendgrid.com/accelerate/) - SendGrid Accelerate is a program to help startups succeed. Startups participating in the SendGrid Accelerate program receive 12 months of product credit, access to mentoring, and networking opportunities exclusive to program participants.

### Hardware Development
- [SOLIDWORKS](https://www.solidworks.com/solution/business-segments/entrepreneurs-startups) - For early-stage hardware startups that meet the eligibility criteria, the SOLIDWORKS for Entrepreneurs program offers software, training, and co-marketing resources at no cost to help you succeed.

> - [Autodesk Fusion 360](https://www.autodesk.com/campaigns/fusion-360-for-hobbyists) - CAD software for startups and hobbyist. If your entitlement has been designated as “Startup, ” You may use the service if You are (a) a company, startup, or home-based business that generates less than $100,000 (or equivalent in other currency) per year from the total sale of goods or services, or (b) an individual using the service for personal non-commercial projects, hobbies, or personal learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Autodesk Fusion 360](https://www.autodesk.com/campaigns/fusion-360-for-hobbyists) - Fusion 360 gives you access to everything you'll need in your product design and development process. As a startup or hobbyist user, you get professional 3D design, simulation, collaboration, and CNC machining software for free. Fusion 360 offers free use to qualifying startup and hobbyist makers through a simple 3-step activation process.
```

Reviewer: Please update the description as suggested to match the one given on their website.

Reviewer 2: [name](link) - Description.
[edgecase.ai] (www.edgecase.ai) - edgecase.ai provides a free $250 data annotation credit for any image or video based annotations for AI companies and projects. Additionally, researchers from academic institutions receive 2 months free of edgecase.ai's synthetic data generation platform [valid only with an EDU address].

- [Intercom for Early Stage](https://www.intercom.com/early-stage) - Intercom’s user-friendly products help you acquire, onboard, engage and support your customers in a personal way. Eligible companies get all of Intercom's pro products for a flat rate of $49 a month for up to one year.

### Hardware Development
- [SOLIDWORKS](https://www.solidworks.com/solution/business-segments/entrepreneurs-startups) - For early-stage hardware startups that meet the eligibility criteria, the SOLIDWORKS for Entrepreneurs program offers software, training, and co-marketing resources at no cost to help you succeed.

> - [Autodesk Fusion 360](https://www.autodesk.com/campaigns/fusion-360-for-hobbyists) - CAD software for startups and hobbyist. If your entitlement has been designated as “Startup, ” You may use the service if You are (a) a company, startup, or home-based business that generates less than $100,000 (or equivalent in other currency) per year from the total sale of goods or services, or (b) an individual using the service for personal non-commercial projects, hobbies, or personal learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Autodesk Fusion 360](https://www.autodesk.com/campaigns/fusion-360-for-hobbyists) - Fusion 360 gives you access to everything you'll need in your product design and development process. As a startup or hobbyist user, you get professional 3D design, simulation, collaboration, and CNC machining software for free. Fusion 360 offers free use to qualifying startup and hobbyist makers through a simple 3-step activation process.
```
